Update expression and anomaly detector documentation (#8041)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _data-prepper/pipelines/configuration/processors/anomaly-detector.md

| `sample_size` | `256` | 100--2500 | The sample size used in the ML algorithm. |
| `time_decay` | `0.1` | 0--1.0 | The time decay value used in the ML algorithm. Used as the mathematical expression `timeDecay` divided by `SampleSize` in the ML algorithm. |
| `type` | `metrics` | N/A | The type of data sent to the algorithm. |

> | `output_after` | 32 | N/A | Indicates the number of events to consume before outputting anamolies |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `output_after` | 32 | N/A | Specifies the number of events to process before outputting any detected anomalies. |
```

> | `output_after` | 32 | N/A | Indicates the number of events to consume before outputting anamolies |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `output_after` | 32 | N/A | Indicates the number of events to consume before outputting anomalies. |
```
